This is the 5th week of the internship. Time feels like it has been moving 
faster and faster. This is likely due to the fact that work has started to 
feel like a routine. Despite doing something different every week, similarities 
could still be spotted in their essence. In the end, it was all about the web 
application that the company wants to ship as a service.

As the weeks have gone by, I have noticed that I may be running out of tasks to 
do, as the most important and urgent ones have already been completed. While my 
technical skills have not changed drastically, I now have a much better understanding 
of how the organisation works. This has allowed me to work more efficiently and 
complete tasks at a faster pace.

However, that does not mean that this week is meaningless. Previously, due to my 
work as a Full Stack Developer Intern, I was not paying attention to what the other 
interns were doing. Those interns included Cybersecurity Interns, another Full Stack 
Developer Intern specialising in Artificial Intelligence and a Marketing Intern. 
This week, I was able to get a view of what they have been doing. While the other 
Full Stack Developer Intern was researching how to self-host AI so that no information 
would be leaked to cloud AI services, the rest of the interns, including the Cybersecurity 
Interns, were focusing on marketing.

The Cybersecurity Interns' role was to conduct Hardening on devices for other organisations. 
However, it is not every day that they go out to conduct Hardening. Thus, they have been 
assisting the other full-time employees in their roles. This made me realise that the workplace 
is a very productive place. If one had no work to be done, work would be assigned to them. 
This was very different from a school environment where, when assignments were completed, I 
could take a break.

I would like to mention that while I had spare time this week, I was still extremely busy. 
On Monday, I completed over 10 tasks from my Industry Supervisor's task list. On Tuesday 
and Wednesday, I had some extra time, while Thursday was similar to last week, as I had to 
work overtime again to prepare for a presentation to the same Singaporean telco company.

Compared to the previous weeks, I learnt a lot this week, especially on Friday, when the 
other interns and I proposed marketing ideas to the CEO. It was a very interesting experience, 
as the CEO shared how professionals market themselves by drawing on their past experiences. 
I also received feedback on my own presentation, especially my body language, which I can use 
to improve myself.

Before I end off, I would like to say that I have not faced major difficulties at work so far. 
I believe this is thanks to my experience in school, where I constantly pushed myself to strive 
for greater heights, which has allowed me to solve recent issues with ease. While I look forward 
to facing a challenge that my experience alone cannot solve, I also hope to continue being an intern 
who goes above and beyond, measured by the results I deliver rather than just the effort I put in.