Compared to the previous week, the task load for this week was 
straight forward. This is being compared through effort. 
During the first week of internship, it was mostly report-writing
about a website. However, this week included many smaller tasks, 
from editing a python script, to testing if a customer fixed 
their website yet from a previously known vulnerability, and even 
looking through the Github for the code of a project the company 
intends to push as a product.

In week 1, I learnt that this was not school. In school, 
I needed to write down my steps to get marks. However, this 
is a workplace, the main concern is the result. With this knowledge, 
I was able to greatly cut down the amount of time I spent on tasks.

This week, I understood something very different. It is the fact that 
even company's may not be definite role models. People make mistakes. 
On Friday, I was shown the actual Git Repository for the project the 
company was working on. Instead of being amazed, I was quite disappointed. 
It was a mess. Ergo, I took action. I proposed to my Industry Supervisor 
to change some of the code architecture. While that has yet to be 
implemented, I was able to convince them to change their current branching 
methodology for the branching of their repository. Now, it is expected 
to be much easier for developers to push code and make changes to the 
project without interfering with each other.

This was quite an event for me as I realised that sometimes, what I may 
perceive as simple, may not be the first thing that comes to mind for 
some developers. Thus, in the future, I realised that I would need to prepare 
documentation such that it would be easier for me to articulate information across 
in a way that people would understand why certain practices are required.

Overall, this was an interesting week for me as with the increased amount of tasks given to me, 
I was able to better understand even further on how the industry works, 
and how people in an organisation work together to achieve a common goal.