The first week of internship was a new experience for me. 
In a short week, I have met many new people and gained
a better understanding of what people do in the industry. 

Despite being the first week of internship, it was 
quite hectic. The major task was to look at a website, 
and note down what it does, with the option of conducting 
a small Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Test on it. 
Coming from Monfort, I have always stuck by their motto, "Age 
Quode Agis", meaning do well in whatever you do. Thus, I proceeded 
with both optional and mandatory task and wrote a 60-page report in under 4 days with over 50 findings.

However, I soon learnt that a lot of the documentation I did was unnecessary. 
As one of the seniors in the workplace said, "you are not paid enough to do this." 
This was quite a big takeaway for me. Back in school, all our 
steps had to be documented extremely carefully. Yet, in the 
workplace, what mattered more was the result. 

To put it in simple terms, in primary school math, 
without working, the marker would not give marks. In 
contrast, in the workplace, even without working, the
marker would give marks. Of course, in terms of VAPT, the steps 
for exploitation are part of the answer. However, the customer does not need to 
understand how those steps were formulated.

So far, I have yet to learn any new skills. However, I did discover 
a few holes in my repertoire that I use for VAPT. For example, I lack 
notes for Windows commands, including how to enumerate for Privilege 
Escalation on Windows. On the other hand, a machine running Linux would 
be an easier target for me.

Moving on, the employees in Momentum Z has been 
quite intriguing. Many of them come from completely different paths of life, 
with vastly different skill sets. In addition to their informality, 
it feels less than a company and more like a team.

Finally, I would like to state that I have yet to encounter 
much difficulties at work. While there is an ongoing 
task of requiring me to comprehend a python script and 
I had not looked at python code for 2 years. It is not 
especially difficult as the functions and variables are not 
obfuscated. Not to mention, my partner, another intern, frequently uses python, so I can ask him for help. 